maybe maybe his wiener doesn't get hard
anymore I hope distracted all the time
about the environment he's trying to
fucking get a rod and he just here's one
of those fucking Hootie owls that are
becoming extinct that just troubles me
[Laughter]
doing al
maybe if I touch it a little more and
jungle the balls here that's it that's
it do that
yeah just keep touching it a little a
little more do you jerk off right under
the head the jet stream is changing and
the Dolphins aren't able to mate like it
[Music]
Wow I'm sorry tipper I'll just keep
going keep going
so maybe diddle my finger with maybe
diddle your ass with my ass with your
finger I'm flustered
the Dolphins problem oh you're getting
hard again yeah I knew I would
no it's your beautiful tipper for to
wedded years of bliss and you just know
exactly how to touch me and icebergs are
melting and it's gonna flood them folks
lining we're just gonna be screwed
there's nothing I could do about it I'm
trying to help people in the world and I
wanna fuck out the dirt at all keep it
coming
keep the dirty talk coming Alan want you
to take your hard cock and shove it in
tippers pussy just shove it right in my
puss okay I like that I like your dirty
talking that's wonderful
and plug that oil slick yet how do you
figure out how to do HOD outdoor is rod
just fucking going away bubblegum rod
mouthful of Hubba Bubba I'm sticking
with my fucking sex change theory you
think you see the picture was that a
recent picture to a Rolling Stone
magazine no that's a little older okay
gone some limp mess he's trying to
fucking Ram it in there with his fingers
finger splint will you push back on the
fat of the stomach to make more
information coming in about the
separation of the Gores
yes Kevin from Connecticut's got the
scoop he writes Al's going green we all
know that while tipper is going black
that would be something else if you just
started stepping out like that you
imagine if she started dating like young
jeezy that's some rapper whoever they
are some swinging dick just like big
fucking eight pack abs never wears a
shirt yeah just walks around sweating
all the time she started wearing like a
sideways baseball hat like a Dodgers hat
to the side she was just getting fucked
down properly and Al is just babbling
about the jet stream and fucking climate
change that's all we have on this though
she's nothing else they're not gonna let
anything out yeah he's a guy to who what
are they like 64 maybe 65 he's a guy who
can probably get ass you know he'll be
able to get push you the rest of his
life so why would he keep wanting to
fuck the same woman yeah yeah after all
these years when you'd done with each
other
he's probably fucked us I got a few
years of fucking left and instead of
making scandal you know he'll do it
legit separate and then you know go go
his own way and and they'll be seen at
some some of these events maybe with
some woman on his arm
al 62 oh yeah he's not I mean like
that's all for us but being fuck for
another 12
13 years because we all right left I'll
be all right do you think you think he
thinks of those things I was trying to
fuck it in the direction constantly so
good that's seen the way the glaciers
have pulled back big as they used to be
me there is something else out look out
the window that's not a hybrid I bet he
resented that she refers to uh what's it
called in said to the truth what's in
the show oh yeah yeah Inconvenient Truth
being injured she probably hates but he
hates that she calls it your little
movie doing another little movie a
little movie your little film mister
used to be vice president now you make a
little movie they just a fucking fat
curvature after 40 years it's all she
wants Wow is one that stays stiff murder
just to mount it have a little fun but
you know as we don't like tipper but
it's pretty obvious that he's the
problem
oh yeah I think he's the problem with
his literary movie yeah